Sheena O'Connell keynote (#47)
djangocon/2024.djangocon.us: _posts/2024-04-24-early-bird-tickets-on-sale.md

---
author: DjangoCon US Communication Team
category: General
date: 2024-04-24 06:00:00
layout: post
image: /static/img/blog/early-bird-2024.png
title: "Early-bird tickets now on sale!"
---

## Hey Django fans! 👋

Tickets for DjangoCon US 2024 in Durham, NC are now on sale.

:ox: **[Buy yours today!]({{ site.ticket_link }})** :ox:

This year we have limited early-bird pricing for individual tickets and corporate tickets. We lowered Individual ticket prices to make the conference more accessible and more affordable so that anyone paying to attend DjangoCon US out of their own pocket can more easily do so.

- Early-bird individual: $339 (full price: $499)
- Early-bird corporate: $699 (full price: $799)

> **The early-bird pricing will only be available through the month of May.** On June 1st, tickets will only be available at their full price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The early-bird pricing will only be available through the month of May.** Starting June 1st, tickets will be available at their full price.
```

> Purchasing your tickets early not only saves you money, but it also helps conference organizers prepare for the conference. Besides the obvious factors of knowing how many meals to order and what size project screen we'll need, it offsets the early payments made to vendors and assures organizers people are coming. If you're able to commit to attending DjangoCon US early, that's fantastic. If you need a few more months, don't worry; that works for us too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Purchasing your tickets early not only saves you money, but it also helps conference organizers prepare for the conference. Besides the obvious factors of knowing how many meals to order and what size projector screens we'll need, it offsets the early payments made to vendors and assures organizers people are coming. If you're able to commit to attending DjangoCon US early, that's fantastic. If you need a few more months, don't worry; that works for us too.
```

> Purchasing your tickets early not only saves you money, but it also helps conference organizers prepare for the conference. Besides the obvious factors of knowing how many meals to order and what size projector screens we'll need, it offsets the early payments made to vendors and assures organizers people are coming. If you're able to commit to attending DjangoCon US early, that's fantastic. If you need a few more months, don't worry; that works for us too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purchasing your tickets early not only saves you money, but it also helps organizers prepare for the conference. Besides the obvious factors of knowing how many meals to order and what size projector screens we'll need, it offsets the early payments made to vendors and gives us confidence to enhance and expand the conference experience. If you're able to commit to attending DjangoCon US early, that's fantastic. If you need more time, don't worry; that works for us too.
```

---
author: DjangoCon US Communication Team
category: General
date: 2024-04-24 06:00:00
layout: post
image: /static/img/blog/early-bird-2024.png
title: "Early-bird tickets now on sale!"
---

## Hey Django fans! 👋

Tickets for DjangoCon US 2024 in Durham, NC are now on sale. [Buy yours today!]({{ site.ticket_link }})

This year we have limited early-bird pricing for individual tickets and corporate tickets.

- Early-bird individual: $339 (full price: $499)
- Early-bird corporate: $699 (full price: $799)

The early-bird pricing will only be available through the month of May. On June 1st, tickets will only be available at their full price.

### A request from the organizers

> 

Reviewer 2: Why is it a boon for organizers? A sentence explaining it might help.

We’re offering early-bird pricing this year for a few reasons. First, it provides a lower cost for folks to attend. Second, early ticket purchases are a tremendous boon to conference organizers. Third, it allows for you to take part in promotional activities. Fourth, we’re looking to encourage people to make earlier commitments to attend.

If you’ve attended DjangoCon US before and have been looking for a way to express your gratitude, please purchase your ticket early. Knowing there’s a baseline allows conference organizers to make decisions confidently on a variety of questions. It ranges from meal quantities to projector screen sizes. It also helps us balance the checkbook, since most vendors require payment well before the event.

> So if you’d like to lessen the stress and worry on your conference organizers, particularly Peter, please purchase your conference tickets sooner rather than later.

Reviewer 2: Maybe link to Peter's introduction from last year so people know who he is?

Reviewer 3: This is going to get removed, resolving the conversation.

> So if you’d like to lessen the stress and worry on your conference organizers, particularly Peter, please purchase your conference tickets sooner rather than later.

Reviewer 4: I recommend rewording the last two paragraphs. Attendees do not owe us gratitude or anything else. I think it's fine to point out that upfront sales help us plan, but that's also a given. 

➡️ We lowered Individual ticket prices to make the conference more accessible and more affordable so that anyone who is paying to attend DjagnoCon US out of their own pocket can more easily do so. We don't need the rest. 

If you want to link to Peter's video, cool, but the inside joke will be missed by the average person who is not going to understand it.

Reviewer 3: > Attendees do not owe us gratitude or anything else.

It wasn't my intention to imply that gratitude was owed. I'll try to redo that. I was trying to allude to the fact that many people do express their thanks and gratitude in person at the conference for the organizers' efforts. I'm trying to connect those dots.

> I think it's fine to point out that upfront sales help us plan, but that's also a given.

In general, sure that's a given. However, I don't think the details of how exactly how it helps is well understood by people who are newer to the community or new to conferences.

> If you want to link to Peter's video, cool, but the inside joke will be missed by the average person who is not going to understand it.

I appreciate the call out. I'll cut it.
